Preserve model changes (#105)
vuelidate/formvuelatte: index.md

</script>
```

> Keep in mind when using v-model with <SchemaForm>, the value that we pass will be replaced with a new value. This also means we should always use ref to create that state object as it will track the changes as you would expect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep in mind when using v-model with `<SchemaForm>`, the value that we pass will be replaced with a new value. This also means we should always use `ref` to create that state object as it will track the changes as you would expect.
```

Author: oops, good catch

</script>
```

### Prop: preventModelCleanupOnSchemaChange

> `SchemaForm` by default parses and clears the output whenever the `schema` property changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default `SchemaForm` cleans up the value output of properties that are no longer present inside `schema` every time `schema` changes.
```

This is explained nicely below but I think we might be more precise here for those that just end up skimming the 1st paragraph.
